1. What is the name of the new service built on top of Service Fabric that offers a serverless model for hosting containerized microservices?
Answer: Service Fabric mesh. 
2. What is the name of the new service built on top of Service Fabric that offers a serverless model for hosting containerized microservices?
Answer: An instance of an application created from a Docker image
3. What kubectlubectl command allows you to deploy or update an application defined in myapp.yaml ?
answer: kubectl
apply -f myapp.yaml
4. What Docker command allows us to execute a command inside a running container?
Answer: docker exec
5. Which Dockerfile instruction indicates what base image to use?
Answer: FROM
6. What Docker command can be used to build an image from a Dockerfile?
Answer : docker build
7. What is the name of the ACI connector that allows it to provide elastic scale to a Kubernetes cluster?
Answer: Virtual Kubelet
8. What is the name of the microservice application platform used to host many Microsoft services including Azure SQL, Cosmos DB and Skype for Business?
Answer : Service Fabric
9. Which Azure CLI command allows you to deploy an application to Service Fabric Mesh using an ARM template?
Answer: az mesh deployment create
10. What is is called when an orchestrator decides on which nodes to run containers?
Answer : Scheduling
11. What is the name of a popular open source package manager for Kubernetes?
Answer: Helm
12. What Azure service lets you store private container images?
Answer: Azure Container Registry
13. What Docker command allows us to create a new container from an image?
Answer: docker run
14. Which example docker run command uses the correct syntax to set an environment variable?
Answer: docker run -e Name=Value imagename
15. What Azure Container Instances feature makes it unique compared to most other container hosting services?
Answer: It has a serverless per-second billing model
16. What service is Web App for Containers based on top of?
Answer: Azure App Service
17. What is the name of the private container image registry that can be used to securely host container images in Azure?
Answer: Azure Container Registry

1.Docker build is run by
A: Docker daemon
2. Docker builds the image using the context which is
A: All the files found in a specific path or URL. 
3. It is OK to use root directory such as / as the PATH for building the docker image
A: False
4. Which of the following option is used to specify a repository and a tag for saving the image after the build is done
A: -t
5. Docker image can be saved in multiple repositories after the build is done
A: True
6. A Dockerfile can start with any command
A: False
7. A docker file must be named as Dockerfile
A: False
8. FROM keyword can only appear once at the start of the Dockerfile
A: False
9. It is OK to have more than one RUN instruction in the Docker file
A: True
10. Both RUN and CMD instruction can be used interchangeably in the Dockerfile as they do the similar thing
A: false
11. It is OK to have more than one CMD instruction in the Docker file
A: False
12. Which of the following instruction can primarily be used for defining default arguments for an ENTRYPOINT command
A: CMD
13. Which of the following instruction can be used to inform Docker that containers listen on specific ports?
A: EXPOSE
14. Which of the following instruction actually runs a command and commits the result during the time of building the image
A: RUN
15. Which of the following can be used to define what command gets executed when running a container
A: CMD and ENTRYPOINT
16. Which of the following instructions can be used to specify variables that are available to the RUN instruction
A: ARG and ENV
17. ARG variables are persisted into the built image as like the ENV variables
A: False

It is recommended to start with an empty directory as context and keep the Dockerfile in that directory along with files which are required for building the image.
The following is done as part of the docker build command:
The context (files from current directory) is sent to Docker daemon
Dockerfile syntax is parsed and checked for validity
Each instruction in Dockerfile is executed resulting in creation of new images as layers
After successful build, an image ID is returned by Docker daemon
The context is cleared/deleted/cleaned up.
A Dockerfile must start with FROM instruction, if not ARG
RUN instruction actually runs a command and commits the result
CMD instruction does not execute anything at build time of an image. It should be used as a way of defining default arguments for an ENTRYPOINT instruction or for executing an ad-hoc command in a container.


Interview Questions
Why is it recommended to start building the docker image with an empty directory consisting of docker file and relevant files required for building the image?
Is this OK to use more than one FROM in a Dockerfile? Why would one want to have more than one FROM in the same Dockerfile?
What is the difference between RUN and CMD command used in the Dockerfile?
How can CMD and ENTRYPOINT command be used together?



















